{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"page_content": "## Transportation Services  \nAt BUV, we care about your safety, even when it comes to commuting to campus. The goal that we set out and aim for is to provide the best values and service quality, giving you the best experience of being a BUV student. Please feel free to contact us via the hotline at: 0704 068 386 or email address at: transportation@buv.edu.vn for further support if you have any questions or concerns related to the BUV bus.  \nThe BUV Bus is currently a student support service and therefore BUV students will not have to register or pay any extra fee to use this service. Students would be asked to attend the survey on the demand of bus service that Campus Services Team based on to coordinate and arrange the suitable bus routes. BUV currently provides bus routes from designated points in 04 districts of Hanoi direct to BUV Campus: Hai Ba Trung, Cau Giay, Tay Ho, Ha Dong and Ecopark area. The schedule will be sent to students on Friday weekly with the updated schedule for the week after. Bus usage guidelines will be sent to students via their BUV student email before the first day of the semester.  \nSchool buses may arrive at the pick-up/ drop off point late due to traffic jams, accidents, prior run delays, etc. Students should arrive at the stop at least 05 minutes before the scheduled time and please notify the Campus Services Team if the bus is not found. You may also phone our hotline number 0704 068 386 or send email to transportation@buv.edu.vn to be promptly supported.  \nOur bus is a shuttle bus service, and the schedule is arranged according to the certain number of students having class or scheduled activities on campus with minimum changes through the semester. It is provided on a first come first served basis and students should use the nearest bus slot for their class start/end time. Unfortunately, we are now not providing a bus service for individual schedules or a small number of students but for the majority. You can utilize campus facilities for self-study or extracurricular activities outside while waiting for the bus. Besides, you can use Ecobus to travel from Hanoi to BUV and vice versa.  \nYou are invited to join the appropriate bus information group to be updated the daily traffic situation and weekly bus schedule by scanning the QR Code below:", "metadata": {"file_name": "Student Handbook 2023-2024.pdf", "page": "55-56"}, "type": "Document"}}