{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"page_content": "# Student Engagement Department  \nThe Student Engagement Department (SE) is responsible for helping students to have a positive and rewarding experience during their time at British University Vietnam. Based at Level 1 and Level 2 BUV Campus, the team is available for any support regarding your student life, clubs and societies, well-being, career services and all personal and professional counselling. Please visit the Student Engagement Lounge (Level 1) to make an appointment.  \nAll information about Student Engagement can be found on Canvas at \u201cCourse\u201d -> \u201cStudent Engagement\u201d. Access SE Event Calendar to see all BUV events and activities, from student clubs and societies\u2019 events, career workshops, training, tea-talk, well-being sessions to other special events.  \nSE also provides a wide range of student activities and programmes focusing on the areas of employability, personal development, global citizenship, communication skills, leadership, interpersonal and intrapersonal skills and sportsmanship.  \nIn terms of employability, SE can help with career talks, skill workshops, career fairs and recruitment days,  \nCV review and feedback, job interview practice, career consultation, introduction letters, and reference letters. They also help you match up with internship and career opportunities with several BUV\u2019s existing partners. This includes companies like Deloitte, EY Vietnam. VPBank, InterContinental Hotel Group\u2019s hotels, Marriott Group\u2019s hotels, Lebros, T&A Ogilvy, Gameloft, Onemount, and many more. The Student Engagement Team works on developing these partnerships and finding new ones too. SE will send you notifications for upcoming events, workshops, guest speakers, and company visits to your BUV email. That is why it is important to check your BUV Outlook Mailbox regularly.  \nYour education at BUV is about more than just your academic results. SE also develops a Personal and Social Growth (PSG) Programme in which you can develop your skills throughout 3 years and fulfil a professional portfolio ready for the world of work by the time you graduate. Through PSG, you will gain confidence working with teams, think critically, give effective presentations, learn negotiation tips, solve problems creatively and even gain knowledge in basic first aid skills. Through a variety of seminars, workshops, and networking events, you will engage with business leaders from around the world and discover how collaboration across borders is instrumental in today\u2019s global business environment. You will also have transformative experiences that take your learning beyond the classroom, such as teambuilding games, field trips and service learning. As you grow senior in later years, you will also be exposed to more leadership activities, entrepreneur projects and get to talk with professional recruiters to determine your passion and career path.  \nThere is so much to look forward to during your years at BUV. We are here to make sure that you have a dynamic, inspirational and fulfilling student experience and you reach your most confidence and potential when walking to the world of work.", "metadata": {"file_name": "Student Handbook 2023-2024.pdf", "page": "46-47"}, "type": "Document"}}