{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"page_content": "## 3\\. PSG activity list  \nStudents in the PSG Programme have access to a diverse range of activities tailored to their different interests, aspirations, career paths, and personal development plans, which are aligned with the University\u2019s missions, graduate attributes, and core values, as well as the needs of society in a rapidly changing world.  \nA detailed list of PSG activities can be found in APPENDIX 2. PSG activity list. This list contains hundreds of possible PSG activities in specific categories and quadrants. Each activity provides a general description, tentative duration, and an estimate of points to be granted upon completion. This list is not exhaustive and can be revised frequently, depending on the student needs, market demand, global trends, and actual outcomes & impacts.  \nPSG interdisciplinary projects:  \nBesides various activities organised by different BUV departments included in the PSG activity list, the PSG Programme offers a broad range of interdisciplinary projects, which meet the outcomes of the 4 quadrants and 16 categories, providing students with a diverse skill set for the future. The interdisciplinary projects include but are not limited to:  \nTrends and Outlooks Week: This week is composed of activities to explore local and global trends with significant impacts on our lives and our future. There will be inspirational talks from business leaders to update students on the growing Digital, Green, and Care Economies\u2019 trends and prepare them with in-demand skills. Additionally, there will be insightful and interesting workshops with industry experts, as well as field trips to companies to learn about their emerging business landscapes and best practices.  \nSelf-exploration Week: This week offers students opportunities to take part in interactive training workshops on emotional competency involving skills such as self-awareness and confidence, self-management, empathy, and motivation. These workshops create a space for students to share ideas and develop essential skills to navigate and enhance emotional well-being and interpersonal effectiveness.  \nTeam Player Week: This week offers interactive training workshops and teambuilding activities that allow students to gain knowledge and practice collaboration, interpersonal communication, innovation, and problem-solving in order to work effectively in a diverse team and cultivate a positive and collaborative working environment.  \nBUV Value Creators Programme: This is an ideation programme that empowers students to come up with creative initiatives to address local and global issues in a team with mentor guidance. Students have the opportunity to work with experts from a variety of backgrounds who have contributed and made impacts in their areas. The programme outcomes aim at equipping students with skills in ideation, problem-solving, pitching and presentation.  \nLeadership Week: A variety of interactive and creative activities will be held throughout the week to encourage young potential leaders to develop their leadership skills and qualities. Participants will attend leader talks, training workshops, discussions & brainstorming sessions, and field trips to meet youth leaders in meaningful projects.", "metadata": {"file_name": "PSG Programme Handbook.pdf", "page": "8-10"}, "type": "Document"}}