{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"page_content": "## Bully and Harassment Policies  \nAt British University Vietnam we strive to ensure that all our students and staff are able to study or work in an environment free from discrimination, harassment or victimisation. The University will not tolerate bullying or harassment of any kind and will investigate any complaint from any student or member of staff who alleges this kind of behaviour.  \nAll staff and students should:  \nBehave in a way that promotes a welcoming and inclusive environment for everyone.  \nTreat everyone with dignity and respect at all times.  \nChallenge and report any unacceptable behaviour.  \nWhat is harassment?  \nBullying can take various forms from name calling, sarcasm, teasing and unwarranted criticism, cyber bullying, to threats of violence or actual physical violence. It often involves the abuse or misuse of power through means intended to undermine, humiliate, denigrate or injure the recipient.  \nHarassment can be defined as unwanted conduct that has the purpose or effect of violating a person's dignity or creating an intimidating, hostile, degrading, humiliating or offensive environment which interferes with an individual's learning, working or social environment, or induces stress, anxiety, fear or sickness on the part of the harassed person. It is never acceptable to harass someone because of their race, gender, gender reassignment, disability, age, sexual orientation or religion/belief.  \nDifferences of attitudes, background or culture and the misinterpretation of social signals can mean that what is perceived as harassment by one person may not seem so to another; nevertheless, this does not make it acceptable.  \nOther examples of harassment include unwarranted physical or sexual contact, jokes, offensive language, posters, emails, texts, comments on social media, graffiti, public telling off or putting down, excluding or ignoring.  \nHarassment and bullying may be an individual against an individual (perhaps by someone in a position of authority) or involve groups of people. It may be obvious or it may be insidious. Whatever form it takes, it is unwarranted and unwelcome to the individual.  \nPolicies  \nOur policies and procedures, support our aim to provide a safe, respectful and tolerant environment for all students, employees and visitors:  \nBullying and Harassment Policy - the purpose of the policy is to assist in developing a working environment in which harassment and bullying are known to be unacceptable and where individuals are able to complain about harassment and bullying should it arise, in the knowledge that their concerns will be dealt with appropriately and fairly.", "metadata": {"file_name": "Student Handbook 2023-2024.pdf", "page": "14-15"}, "type": "Document"}}