{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"page_content": "### Submission and Late Submission of Coursework  \nYou must try your best to complete your work. It is always better to submit first time, on time and we expect you to plan responsibly so that you can do this. In some exceptional circumstances, we know that you may not be able to overcome your difficulty even though you have talked to those who can offer help. In such cases, a claim for exceptional circumstances can be made.  \nYou must make your claim as soon as possible and no later than two weeks after the assessment date (excluding holidays and university closures). Remember that claims made beforehand will not be upheld if you can plan to overcome your circumstances. You must submit your claim by the exceptional circumstances form (EC form), informing your Personal Tutor or Module Leader is not enough. You can make a claim by requesting a copy of the exceptional circumstances form at the Student Information Counter, fill in the form with your handwriting & signature and submit the form and evidence back to BUV by the form submission deadline. You must submit evidence of the exceptional situation and how it is preventing you from completing your work to the best of your ability. Without evidence we are unable to consider your claim. We expect you to be honest in how you explain and evidence your circumstances, if you are found to have made a false statement or provided false evidence, this will be considered in accordance with the Academic Conduct Procedure.  \nWe believe it is best for you to submit your work first time, on time. If we feel that there was something you could have done to avoid your circumstances, your claim will be rejected and standard regulations will apply. However, if we agree that there was a circumstance which you could not have done anything about and it falls within the scope of the exceptional circumstances regulations (i.e. your claim is upheld), we will apply one of the following outcomes:  \nIf you have submitted your work within one week of the deadline, and its accepted, it will be marked and counted as if it had been submitted on time.  \nIf you have failed or were unable to submit your work, the Award Board will offer you another attempt, unless it offers to condone your module mark. For more information please see the Academic Regulations, \u201cWhat if things don\u2019t go to plan?\u201d  \nIn all cases where you are unable to meet the deadline requirements of an assessment you should seek advice at the earliest opportunity from your Module Leader, Personal Tutor or Programme Leader.  \nThe above is merely a summary outline to guide you, the full regulations relating to exceptional circumstances which apply are here:  \nhttps://www.staffs.ac.uk/legal/policies/exceptional-circumstances-procedure.jsp", "metadata": {"file_name": "Student Handbook 2023-2024.pdf", "page": "31-32"}, "type": "Document"}}