{"lc": 1, "type": "constructor", "id": ["langchain", "schema", "document", "Document"], "kwargs": {"page_content": "### Assessment Procedures  \nAssessment is an important part of learning, without which you would not know how well you have done and whether or not you have achieved all the Learning Outcomes. To many students, assessment can also be a cause of stress and anxiety. However, given that this is an indispensable part of the course, it is better that you are adequately prepared for it. To help you become prepared, this section explains what you will need to do regarding assessments.  \nThe modules on all programmes are assessed in a variety of ways and many of them by more than one method. The exact mixture of different methods depends on the nature of the module. The assessment methods may include class tests, essay assignments, projects, presentations, and examinations.  \nASSIGNMENTS  \nWhen assignments are issued, it varies from one module to another. The Staffordshire University examination regulations require that all assessment papers are moderated by panel at the British University Vietnam and are further moderated and approved by external examiners at Staffordshire University. For most modules, every assessment will have a sample moderated by an external examiner at Staffordshire University who will evaluate the grade awarded. At the beginning of each module, you will be issued with a module handbook that will show the nature and timing of your assessment schedule. The module handbook will also explain the nature and type of feedback you can expect from the module leader.  \nAll assignment tasks need to be word-processed in the correct format shown in the module handbook. It should be noted that it is your own responsibility to take necessary precautions against the risk of having your work stolen or damaged during a burglary, or by virus attack on personal computers. Damage to work prior to submission is not normally regarded as an acceptable explanation for late submission, or partially completed work for the purposes of formal assessment at the University. As such, you are strongly advised to back-up copies of your work and store multiple copies in more than one location.  \nWhen preparing for an assignment, please note that all written assignments will require you to conduct background reading and to show evidence of this research in the form of citations and texts referenced in the Harvard format. A soft copy must be submitted to Canvas  \nStudents are required to be aware of Plagiarism as well as other Academic Dishonesty. For further information, please visit Academic Conduct Procedure:  \nhttps://www.staffs.ac.uk/legal/policies/academic-conduct-procedure.jsp", "metadata": {"file_name": "Student Handbook 2023-2024.pdf", "page": "29-30"}, "type": "Document"}}